Add question about build systems (#241)
rust-lang/surveys: surveys/2023-annual-survey/questions.md

>
> This question gathers data on the communities perceptions of certain aspects of Rust at this point in time.

### How do you build your Rust projects?

> Type: select one (optional)

Reviewer: I think that this might be a multiple select question, people can have multiple projects, use Cargo on some of them, use a different build system elsewhere.

Aspects:

- I use Cargo
- I use some other build system
- I combine Cargo and another build system

> - If you combine Cargo with (or just use) other build systems, which ones? (open response)

Reviewer: One question mentioned by @joshtriplett is who drives the build system. But I'm not sure if we can express it properly. Already this last answer is quite complicated to understand. My attempt:

```
- Cargo alone
- Cargo drives another build system
- Another build system drives Cargo
- Another build system without Cargo
- What build system (apart from Cargo) do you use? (open)
```

> - I use Cargo
> - I use some other build system
> - I combine Cargo and another build system
> - If you combine Cargo with (or just use) other build systems, which ones? (open response)

Author: Yes, the last option is not super clear. But I don't have the expertise to suggest examples. f.e. I don't have the context to appreciate the difference between your option 3 and 4.

```suggestion
- I just use Cargo
- I use some another build system (please specify) (open response)
- I combine Cargo and another build system (please specify) (open response)
```

:thinking: would it make it a bit clearer?

Reviewer: If we can have two open responses, then this seems nice! :)

Author: > If we can have two open responses, then this seems nice! :)

It seems we cannot (tested on a SurveyHero account test account)

> - I use Cargo
> - I use some other build system
> - I combine Cargo and another build system
> - If you combine Cargo with (or just use) other build systems, which ones? (open response)

Author: ```suggestion
- I just use Cargo
- I just use some another build system
- Please specify which build system are you using instead of (or with) Cargo (open response)
- ```

Having only one open option, I cannot make it clearer than this :)

Author: Having only one open option, I cannot make it clearer than this :)

Reviewer: Since the question now allows selecting multiple answers, I think that `just` doesn't make sense here. If you use just Cargo, you'll click only on Cargo. If you use both Cargo and another build system, you check both.

There's a third option, and that's combining Cargo and another build system, which I would keep as an answer (`I combine Cargo and another build system`).

Author: Ok, I think I'm basically back to square one.

Reviewer: Tbh I think that changing it to `all that apply` was all that was needed, in my opinion :sweat_smile:
